bpo-34861 Make cProfile default output more useful (#9655)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2018-10-01-13-20-00.bpo-34861.8JanqQ.rst

> cProfile command line output now defaults to cumulative time, and gives you one level of the path if the name of the file starts with __, like __init__.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :mod:`cProfile` command line output now defaults to cumulative time and will show one extra level of the path if the file name starts with ``__``, like ``__init__.py``.
```
